SSP2.x (#13)
aidan-/SimpleTOTP: README.md

Placed in either config.php's authproc or in the appropriate metadata entity:
```php
10 => array(
	'class' => 'simpletotp:mfa',
	'secret_attr' => 'ga_secret', //default
	'enforce_mfa' => false, //default
	'not_configured_url' => NULL,  //default

> 	'validation_timeout' => <int>, //default 60 (units: minutes) - optional timeout value for re-validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	'validation_timeout' => 60, //default, (units: minutes) - number of minutes to cache a successful user mfa validation```
